update NServiceBus step by step tutorial to v8.x and net6.0 (#6137)
Particular/docs.particular.net: tutorials/nservicebus-step-by-step/1-getting-started/tutorial.md

Let's build something simple to give NServiceBus a try.

> This tutorial uses the latest version of NServiceBus and it requires [.NET 6 (or higher) or .NET Framework Version 4.7.2 (or higher)](/nservicebus/operations/dotnet-framework-version-requirements.md)  and  assumes at least [Visual Studio 2022](https://www.visualstudio.com/downloads/) 
> 
> NOTE: You can also build the solution in .NET Core by selecting the **Console App (.NET Core)** project type when you create a new project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial uses NServiceBus version 8, .NET 6, and assumes an up-to-date installation of [Visual Studio 2022](https://www.visualstudio.com/downloads/).

NOTE: NServiceBus 8 also [supports .NET Framework 4.7.2 or higher](/nservicebus/operations/dotnet-framework-version-requirements.md), but [new applications should be built on .NET 6 or higher](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/net-core-is-the-future-of-net/). 
```
